So, let's recap this lesson.
When you start evaluating how your site is doing and how your users interact with it,
studying your audience trend first is a good idea.
You now know how many users come to your site
and how that user number is changing over time.
You also know now how to look at reports to understand more about who your users are.
You can evaluate their demographics,
their interests, where they come from,
what language they prefer,
their behavior and the technology they use to access your site.
You also know how to assess how your users flow through your site.
So you have a good understanding now of who visits your site.
Now let's learn how to evaluate where they're
coming from and how they found you in the first place.
We will cover that in the next lesson.